Generic test `arguments` deprecations and behavior change flags (#7676)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/global-configs/behavior-changes.md

| [require_batched_execution_for_custom_microbatch_strategy](#custom-microbatch-strategy)                  | 2024.11         | TBD*                | 1.9.0           | TBD*              |
| [require_nested_cumulative_type_params](#cumulative-metrics)         |   2024.11         | TBD*                 | 1.9.0           | TBD*            |
| [validate_macro_args](#macro-argument-validation)         | 2025.03           | TBD*                 | 1.10.0          | TBD*            | 

> | [require_generic_test_arguments_property](#generic-test-arguments-property) | 2025.07 | TBD* | 1.10.5 | TBD* |

Reviewer: Should we also add this after line 66? @MichelleArk

Author: yes, done!

- Raise warnings if the names or types don't match
- Validate that the [`type` values follow the supported format](/reference/resource-properties/arguments#supported-types).
- If no arguments are documented in the YAML, infer them from the macro and include them in the [`manifest.json` file](/reference/artifacts/manifest-json)

### Generic test arguments property

dbt supports parsing key-value arguments that are inputs to generic tests when specified under the `arguments` property. In the past, dbt didn't support a way to clearly disambiguiate between properties that were inputs to generic tests and framework configurations, and only accepted arguments as top-level properties.

> By default, the `require_generic_test_arguments_property` flag is set to `False`, which means dbt won't parse the new `arguments` syntax. In this case, if the `arguments` property is specified, dbt raises the `ArgumentsPropertyInGenericTestDeprecation` deprecation to indicate that the `arguments` property will be used to parse inputs to the generic test after `require_generic_test_arguments_property` reaches maturity and is `True` by default.

Reviewer: Does the `require_generic_test_arguments_property` property become `True` by default once it reaches maturity?

Author: Yes!

Author: updated to make this more clear!

- Raise warnings if the names or types don't match
- Validate that the [`type` values follow the supported format](/reference/resource-properties/arguments#supported-types).
- If no arguments are documented in the YAML, infer them from the macro and include them in the [`manifest.json` file](/reference/artifacts/manifest-json)

### Generic test arguments property

dbt supports parsing key-value arguments that are inputs to generic tests when specified under the `arguments` property. In the past, dbt didn't support a way to clearly disambiguate between properties that were inputs to generic tests and framework configurations, and only accepted arguments as top-level properties.

> By default, the `require_generic_test_arguments_property` flag is set to `False`, which means dbt won't parse the new `arguments` syntax. In this case, if the `arguments` property is specified, dbt raises the `ArgumentsPropertyInGenericTestDeprecation` deprecation to indicate that the `arguments` property will be used to parse inputs to the generic test after `require_generic_test_arguments_property` reaches maturity and becomes `True` by default.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, the `require_generic_test_arguments_property` flag is set to `False`, so using this `arguments` property is optional. If you do use `arguments` while the flag is `False`, dbt will recognize it but raise the `ArgumentsPropertyInGenericTestDeprecation` warning to let you know that the flag will eventually default to `True` and become required.
```

> Here's an example of the new `arguments` property:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Here's an example using the new `arguments` property:
```
